---
external help file: Evergreen.VMware-help.xml
Module Name: evergreen.vmware
online version: 
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Test-VMwareProductDownload

## SYNOPSIS
Validates target URIs passed to this function from Get-VMwareProductDownload.

## SYNTAX

```
Test-VMwareProductDownload [-InputObject] <PSObject> [[-Proxy] <String>] [[-ProxyCredential] <PSCredential>]
 [-UserAgent <String>] [-Force] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Validates target URIs passed to this function from Get-VMwareProductDownload - most downloads from the VMware Product Download site require you to be signed into the site. Those URLs that test True will be available without needing to be signed into the site.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-VMwareProductList | Where-Object { $_.CategoryMap -eq "desktop_end_user_computing" } | Get-VMwareProductDownload | Test-VMwareProductDownload
```

Tests whether the URLs for downloads for the desktop and end user computing category of products are available (i.e. directly downloadable without requiring to be signed into the VMware downloads site).

## PARAMETERS

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
The object returned from Get-VMwareProductDownload

```yaml
Type: PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Proxy
Specifies a proxy server for the request, rather than connecting directly to the internet resource. Enter the URI of a network proxy server. Note - this is experimental support for proxies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProxyCredential
Specifies a user account that has permission to use the proxy server that is specified by the Proxy parameter. The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as User01 or Domain01\User01, User@Domain.Com, or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.

This parameter is valid only when the Proxy parameter is also used in the command. Note - this is experimental support for proxy servers and has not been extensively tested.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -UserAgent
Specifies a user agent string for the web request.

The default user agent is similar to the below with slight variations for each operating system and platform.

Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Darwin 22.2.0 Darwin Kernel Version 22.2.0: Fri Nov 11 02:04:44 PST 2022; root:xnu-8792.61.2~4/RELEASE_ARM64_T8103; en-AU) AppleWebKit/534.6 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/7.0.500.0 Safari/534.6

To test a website with the standard user agent string that's used by most internet browsers, use the properties of the PSUserAgent class, such as Chrome, FireFox, InternetExplorer, Opera, and Safari.

For example, the following command uses the user agent string for Internet Explorer: Save-EvergreenApp -UserAgent ([Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.PSUserAgent]::InternetExplorer)

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.Management.Automation.PSObject
## OUTPUTS

### System.Management.Automation.PSObject
## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
